today we're going to be taking a look at
the New York Comic Con exclusive limited
to only 4,000 pieces this is the second
Joker from Arkham City this is part of
the first series of Arkham City figures
let's take a look at second Joker here
as you can see he's not looking very
healthy this is from very close to the
end of the videogame when his condition
has worsened to a point where he looks
like he's basically rotting and his face
is about to fall off so unfortunately
for the Joker he's not looking in a good
way here and basically they've used the
same body as the standard Joker and
they've made a few changes here's the
standard Joker from the first series of
Arkham Asylum figures and we can have a
look at some of the differences here
we've got you know darker dirtier paint
scheme we've got a dark black bowtie
instead of the green his flower has
rotted he's wilting here and this is
wilted and fully black and rotted we've
got different colored gloves he's
wearing his white gloves on the side
here his patch is lighter on the second
Joker and there isn't much difference in
the shoes maybe they're a bit white it
on the spot sir besides that pretty much
the same so we'll remove the old Joker
here so unfortunately this second
variant doesn't come with any
accessories like the previous one did
just comes with the circle base which
helps it stand against tans fairly well
without the base but
just to be sure as this is a rare figure
we'll pop it on its base now it comes
with the exact same articulation as the
series one Joker a bit of range of
movement in the hair mainly side to side
ball in the arm out to their pivot in
the elbow turn at the hand and bit back
and forth with the leg out slightly knee
and slight foot articulation it's a nice
figure
great start to the arkham city figures
they seem to be going quite strong at
the moment really looking forward to the
new series the series 2 of the arkham
city figures what do you think of this
ii joker have you been able to pick him
up what are your thoughts on this figure
write down in the comments below
stick around cuz we'll have more batman
reviews coming up
comment rate and subscribe